feat!(*): use required name attribute instead of block label (#6384)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/release-notes.md

The `disable_high_cardinality_metrics` configuration argument is used by `otelcol.exporter` components such as `otelcol.exporter.otlp`.
If you need to see high cardinality metrics containing labels such as IP addresses and port numbers, you now have to explicitly set `disable_high_cardinality_metrics` to `false`.

### Breaking change: Label for children blocks of `prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch`, `prometheus.exporter.snmp` and `pyroscope.scrape` are removed.

Previously in aforementioned components, there are children blocks that requires labels which would be used for naming. 

> More information in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you must specify a `name` attribute for the following child blocks.
```

What about moving the text from line 55 up to before the table and describing it this way? I dropped the "less restrictive" part. It's not really adding a lot... unless it's a really important point.

| Component                        | Child blocks        |
|--------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch` | `static`               |
| `prometheus.exporter.snmp`       | `target`, `walk_param` |
| `pyroscrope.scrape`              | `profile.custom`       |

> Now, you must specify a `name` attribute. This new attribute allows less restrictive naming.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

If we move this text above the table, we can delete this line.

The `disable_high_cardinality_metrics` configuration argument is used by `otelcol.exporter` components such as `otelcol.exporter.otlp`.
If you need to see high cardinality metrics containing labels such as IP addresses and port numbers, you now have to explicitly set `disable_high_cardinality_metrics` to `false`.

### Breaking change: Label for children blocks of `prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch`, `prometheus.exporter.snmp` and `pyroscope.scrape` are removed.

> Previously in aforementioned components, there are children blocks that requires labels which would be used for naming. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the child blocks in the `prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch`, `prometheus.exporter.snmp`, and `pyroscope.scrape components required labels which would be used for naming. 
```

Was this all child blocks? Or just the ones in the table below?

Author: Only the ones in the table

> More information in the following table.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

We may need to restructure this a little depending on the answer to the previous question.

> | Component                        | Affected blocks        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Component                        | Child blocks        |
```

|--------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch` | `static`               |
| `prometheus.exporter.snmp`       | `target`, `walk_param` |
| `pyroscrope.scrape`              | `profile.custom`       |

> In the new version, user needs to be specify `name` attribute instead, which allow less restrictive naming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you must specify a `name` attribute. This new attribute allows less restrictive naming.
```

> Old configuration example:
> ```river

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Old configuration example:

```river
```

prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch "static_instances" {
	sts_region = "us-east-2"

	static "instances" {
		regions    = ["us-east-2"]
		namespace  = "AWS/EC2"
		dimensions = {
			"InstanceId" = "i01u29u12ue1u2c",
		}

		metric {
			name       = "CPUUsage"
			statistics = ["Sum", "Average"]
			period     = "1m"
		}
	}
}

prometheus.exporter.snmp "example" {
    config_file = "snmp_modules.yml"

    target "network_switch_1" {
        address     = "192.168.1.2"
        module      = "if_mib"
        walk_params = "public"
    }

    target "network_router_2" {
        address     = "192.168.1.3"
        module      = "mikrotik"
        walk_params = "private"
    }

    walk_param "private" {
        retries = "2"
    }

    walk_param "public" {
        retries = "2"
    }
}

pyroscope.scrape "local" {
  targets    = [
    {"__address__" = "localhost:4100", "service_name"="pyroscope"},
    {"__address__" = "localhost:12345", "service_name"="agent"},
  ]
  profiling_config {
    profile.block {
      enabled = false
    }
    profile.custom "example" {
      enabled = true
      path    = "/debug/fgprof"
      delta   = true
    }
  }
}
```

> New configuration example:
> ```river

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New configuration example:

```river
```
